Add `buildCacheMB` helm chart value (#2639)
cloudfoundry/korifi: README.helm.md

    - `stack` (_String_): Stack.
    - `stagingRequirements`:
      - `diskMB` (_Integer_): Disk in MB for staging.

>       - `imageCacheMB` (_Integer_): Persistent disk in MB for image caching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `imageCacheMB` (_Integer_): Persistent disk in MB for caching staging artifacts across builds.
```

Reviewer: I'm also wondering if we should name this something else like `buildCacheMB` or `stagingCacheMB`. I get why you called it `imageCacheMB`, but I feel like that's only because the configuration is set on the kpack `Image` resource and doesn't necessarily describe what it is actually for.

Author: `stagingRequirements.stagingCacheMB` feels redundant to me, so I'm inclined toward `buildCacheMB`.

Author: Updated... PTanotherL
